yes
then now I would like to tell you
and in that
when the word crisis began to
overfly the camp nou el fc barcelona-
was uncovered last Sunday before the
Atlético de Madrid - with his best match
of the era luis enrique a performance
round of a team led by its
fearsome attacking trident and that left the
most expected image by all culés
the accomplice celebration of the three
megastars of the azulgrana set
we knew that with attitude with a lot with
much much more hierarchy than them
we could win the result
Well technically we were good and good
We knew how to press at the right moment in
the first time we did not leave
press the way I press
we ran more than we run sometimes
and that's simplifying it simplifies
the good attitude that the whole team had
the next league appointment for
Catalans is in Coruña of sports in
the meeting with which the
first round of the championship a match
in which those of luis enrique want
change your bad dynamics away from the camp
nou and is that the team is showing
a much more flimsy image like
visitor by four trips in nine
out the last two so
consecutive in getafe and san sebastián and
only 12 goals scored and when the
case carries 32 in the same number of
meetings
to improve this poor baggage one of
The main assets of the team will be
a neymar on a streak that already totals 12 goals
in the league three more in the entire course
past when it has not yet finished
first round
also in principle luís enrique
recovers xavi regarding the party's
athletic
the sporty in turn reaches the
appointment after leaving symptoms of improvement in
the last weeks with their draw without
goals in the Levante field of the past
weekend the Galician group has already
managed to keep his goal clean
in three of the last four days and
it is sixteenth in the table one point per
above the descent zone
the Argentine Luis Fariña and the Portuguese
helder postiga are the main casualties
with which he will tell víctor fernández
to face the barcelona while
that the dose of morbid will be in the
isaac contest player account that
belonged to the azulgrana group until this
last summer that will be faced by
first time to his six companions in addition
another of the great names of the
I will encounter the last booster
the A Coruñeses the forward saw in Riera
another player with a Barça past and
that last year he scored 13 goals in the
league with osasuna
the Catalan will premiere before his new
hobby after contesting their first
minutes in the field of the east where
had good feelings cutting to
inside puts the ball inside the
area and with one of its specialties very
forged so it is to be very
well, I said I was ready
for everything he had prepared for
take on this challenge and nothing found me
we have had situations in which
Well, maybe if I had lived
a good center because there was opportunity
de gaulle so good we will continue
trying and we will continue as always
with oriol laugh as an attacking reference
the sports one will try to change the script
of his last direct confrontations
before the Barcelona team that has only
could defeat in one of his last 17
face to face the last clash between both
teams in riazor was especially
spectacular with an incredible score
end of 4 to 5 and messi once again as
great protagonist with a hat-trick that
ended the illusions of the whole
coruñés if you leave mancera
the heart